Fix #5094 : [Wiki update] Bazel build failed in mac m1 (#5139)
oppia/oppia-android: wiki/Troubleshooting-Installation.md

4. If you encounter this error while building bazel in Mac M1:
      ```
      ERROR: /Users/OpenSource/oppia-android/model/src/main/proto/BUILD.bazel:167:20: Generating JavaLite proto_library //model/src/main/proto:profile_proto failed: (Segmentation fault): protoc failed: error executing command bazel-out/darwin-opt-exec-2B5CBBC6/bin/external/com_google_protobuf/protoc '--proto_path=bazel-out/android-armeabi-v7a-fastbuild/bin/model/src/main/proto/_virtual_imports/languages_proto' ... (remaining 8 argument(s) skipped)

      Use --sandbox_debug to see verbose messages from the sandbox protoc failed: error executing command bazel-out/darwin-opt-exec-2B5CBBC6/bin/external/com_google_protobuf/protoc '--proto_path=bazel-out/android-armeabi-v7a-fastbuild/bin/model/src/main/proto/_virtual_imports/languages_proto' ... (remaining 8 argument(s) skipped)
      ```

> 

Reviewer: I think this needs an explanation
```suggestion
Bazel requires Xcode commandline tools to build on M1, and the Xcode license also needs to be accepted.
```

Author: Done.

>    **Follow these steps to solve this error:**
>       ```
>       xcode-select --install
>       sudo xcodebuild -licence
>       sudo xcode-select -r 
>       sudo xcode-select -s /Library/Developer/CommandLineTools
>       xcode-select -p 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Follow these steps to solve this error:**
     - Install the commandline tools
      `xcode-select --install`
      - Accept the Xcode licence
      `sudo xcodebuild -licence`
      - Reset the xcode select path
      `sudo xcode-select -r `
      - Set the xcode select path to use CommandLineTools
      `sudo xcode-select -s /Library/Developer/CommandLineTools`
      - Confirm that the path was correctly set. The expected output is `/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools`
      `xcode-select -p` 
```

Author: Done.

      ```
   After you successfully run above commands, build app using Bazel by following command:
      ```
      bazel clean --expunge
      bazel build //:oppia --noexperimental_check_desugar_deps

>       ```

Reviewer: Add: the `--noexperimental_check_desugar_deps` flag is explained in the [bazel blog](https://blog.bazel.build/2018/12/19/bazel-0.21.html#android).

Author: Done.

      Use --sandbox_debug to see verbose messages from the sandbox protoc failed: error executing command bazel-out/darwin-opt-exec-2B5CBBC6/bin/external/com_google_protobuf/protoc '--proto_path=bazel-out/android-armeabi-v7a-fastbuild/bin/model/src/main/proto/_virtual_imports/languages_proto' ... (remaining 8 argument(s) skipped)
      ```
Bazel requires Xcode commandline tools to build on M1, and the Xcode license also needs to be accepted.

   **Follow these steps to solve this error:**

- Install the commandline tools: `xcode-select --install`

- Accept the Xcode licence: `sudo xcodebuild -licence`

- Reset the xcode select path: `sudo xcode-select -r `

 - Set the xcode select path to use CommandLineTools: `sudo xcode-select -s /Library/Developer/CommandLineTools`

- Confirm that the path was correctly set. The expected output is: `/Library/Developer/CommandLineTools`

      xcode-select -p

> After you successfully run above commands, build app using Bazel by following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After successfully running the above commands, build the app using Bazel by running the following command:
```

Author: Done
